README.md, before:

Terraform Provider
==================

- Website: https://www.terraform.io
- Mailing list: [Google Groups](http://groups.google.com/group/terraform-tool)

<img src="https://cdn.rawgit.com/hashicorp/terraform-website/master/content/source/assets/images/logo-hashicorp.svg" width="600px">

Requirements
------------

-	[Terraform](https://www.terraform.io/downloads.html) 0.12.x
-	[Go](https://golang.org/doc/install) 1.14 (to build the provider plugin)

Usage
---------------------

Building The Provider
---------------------

Clone repository

```sh
$ git clone git@github.com:nenetto/terraform-provider-databricks
```

Enter the provider directory and build the provider

```sh
$ cd terraform-provider-databricks
$ go build -o bin/terraform-provider-databricks
```

Using the provider
----------------------

```hcl
provider "databricks" {
    domain = "<your-account>.cloud.databricks.com"
    token = "<your token>"
}

resource "databricks_notebook" "notebook" {
    path = "/Users/<username>/tf-test"
    language = "PYTHON"
    content = "${base64encode("print('generated by terraform')")}"
}

resource "databricks_cluster" "cluster" {
    name                    = "tf-test"
    spark_version           = "4.1.x-scala2.11"
    node_type_id            = "m4.large"
    num_workers             = 1
    autotermination_minutes = 10

    aws_attributes {
        zone_id          = "eu-west-1c"
        ebs_volume_type  = "GENERAL_PURPOSE_SSD"
        ebs_volume_count = 1
        ebs_volume_size  = 100
    }    
}
```

Developing the Provider
---------------------------

If you wish to work on the provider, you'll first need [Go](http://www.golang.org) installed on your machine (version 1.9+ is *required*).

Commit message:

gitflow-release-stash: v0.2.1
Udate databricks-sdk-go version to v0.3.3 and documentation

README.md, after:

Terraform Provider
==================

> **All the credits to [betabandido](https://github.com/betabandido/terraform-provider-databricks). I just fork the repository and make some changes to work as I think my terraform scripts should work.**


- Website: https://www.terraform.io
- Mailing list: [Google Groups](http://groups.google.com/group/terraform-tool)

<img src="https://cdn.rawgit.com/hashicorp/terraform-website/master/content/source/assets/images/logo-hashicorp.svg" width="600px">

Requirements
------------

-	[Terraform](https://www.terraform.io/downloads.html) 0.12.x
-	[Go](https://golang.org/doc/install) 1.14 (to build the provider plugin)

Usage
---------------------

Building The Provider
---------------------

Clone repository

```sh
$ git clone git@github.com:nenetto/terraform-provider-databricks
```

Enter the provider directory and build the provider

```sh
$ cd terraform-provider-databricks
$ go build -o bin/terraform-provider-databricks
```

Copy the binary generated file into your /.terraform/plugins/<architecture>/terraform-provider-databricks.
**The name of the plugin is IMPORTANT and must not be changed in order to make it work in terraform**

Using the provider
----------------------

```hcl
provider "databricks" {
    domain = "<your-account>.cloud.databricks.com"
    token = "<your token>"
}

resource "databricks_notebook" "notebook" {
    path = "/Users/<username>/tf-test"
    language = "PYTHON"
    content = "${base64encode("print('generated by terraform')")}"
}

resource "databricks_cluster" "cluster" {
    name                    = "tf-test"
    spark_version           = "4.1.x-scala2.11"
    node_type_id            = "m4.large"
    num_workers             = 1
    autotermination_minutes = 10

    aws_attributes {
        zone_id          = "eu-west-1c"
        ebs_volume_type  = "GENERAL_PURPOSE_SSD"
        ebs_volume_count = 1
        ebs_volume_size  = 100
    }    
}
```

Developing the Provider
---------------------------

If you wish to work on the provider, you'll first need [Go](http://www.golang.org) installed on your machine (version 1.9+ is *required*).
